DOCS-3930 Moving Around the Synthetic Testing Tunnel (#15316)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/cicd_integrations/_index.md

---
title: Continuous Testing and CI/CD
kind: documentation

> description: Run Synthetic tests on-demand or at predefined intervals in your CI/CD pipelines.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Run Continuous Testing tests on-demand or at predefined intervals in your CI/CD pipelines.
```
